Clean up cloud.rst (#688)
Qiskit-Extensions/quantum-serverless: docs/deployment/cloud.rst

.. _installation_requirements:

Installation requirements
=========================

> To deploy the required infrastructure with ``Quantum Serverless`` you need to have installed three main tools:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To deploy the infrastructure required for ``Quantum Serverless`` you need to have installed three main tools:
```

* `Docker <https://www.docker.com/>`_
* `Helm <https://helm.sh/>`_
* `Terraform <https://www.terraform.io/>`_

> Each of these tools' webpages contains instructions for installing on Windows, MacOS, and Linux.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Each of these tools' webpages contain instructions for installing on Windows, MacOS, and Linux.
```

        $ docker build -t qiskit/quantum-serverless-ray-node -f ./infrastructure/docker/Dockerfile-ray-qiskit .
        $ ...

Now that you have built the necessary Docker images you can run **docker-compose** to deploy the project locally:

.. code-block::
   :caption: run the command from the root of the project

        $ docker-compose --profile full up

> Once the execution of the command has finished, if everything went well, you should be able to open the browser

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Once the execution of the command has finished, if everything went well you should be able to open the browser
```

        $ helm dependency build
        $ helm -n <INSERT_YOUR_NAMESPACE> install quantum-serverless --create-namespace .

> This will deploy the required infrastructure in your cluster.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This will deploy the required components to your cluster.
```

(k8s is the infrastructure, helm is deploying the pods)

> To connect with the different services, you have some options depending of your environment. The easiest and most consistent

Author: on* your environment

        $ > kuberay-head-<POD_ID>
        $ > ...

Now that we have the desired pods, we can expose their ports:

.. code-block::
   :caption: ports 8265 and 8888 are the the default ports for each service

        $  kubectl port-forward kuberay-head-<POD_ID> 8265
        $  kubectl port-forward jupyter-<POD_ID> 8888

Now you may access your cluster services from localhost.

> For development this is more than enough, but if you are considering deploying it remotely, you will need to

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For development this is more than enough, but if you are considering deploying it remotely you will need to
```

configure the various ``ingress`` properties in `values.yaml <https://github.com/Qiskit-Extensions/quantum-serverless/blob/main/infrastructure/helm/quantumserverless/values.yaml>`_
with the configuration of your domain and provider. In the ``Jupyter configs`` section you have a
configuration example to expose through ``ingress`` in ``localhost`` the Jupyter service (disabled by default).

* **Important**: ``nginx-ingress-controller`` is disabled by default because third party providers should provide its own Ingress controller. To use it locally you need to activate it too.

.. _terraform-deployment:

Terraform: Deploy all the infrastructure in your preferred cloud provider
=========================================================================

> This approach is useful if you have a cloud cluster to which you want to deploy the infrastructure.

Reviewer: In this case, we won't already have a cloud cluster (terraform is creating it), so maybe it's 'starting from scratch' or something along those lines?

Finally, install the provider's CLI:
    * `IBM Cloud CLI <https://cloud.ibm.com/docs/cli?topic=cli-getting-started>`_
    * `AWS CLI <https://docs.aws.amazon.com/cli/latest/userguide/getting-started-install.html>`_

Now that your cloud provider is configured, you may configure ``terraform`` to
deploy the infrastructure where you want. Depending on the provider, you need to
apply different configurations:

The easiest option is to use **IBM Cloud**. Just go to ``./infrastructure/terraform/ibm`` and create the file ``terraform.tfvars``
with the following contents:

.. code-block::

        ibmcloud_api_key = "YOUR_API_KEY"
        ibm_region = "YOUR_REGION"
        resource_group = "YOUR_RESOURCE_GROUP"

* Note the `region <https://cloud.ibm.com/docs/openwhisk?topic=openwhisk-cloudfunctions_regions>`_ and the `resource group <https://cloud.ibm.com/docs/account?topic=account-rgs&interface=cli>`_ associated with your account.

To use **AWS**, configure environment variables, depending on your system, in accordance with the instructions `here <https://docs.aws.amazon.com/cli/latest/userguide/cli-configure-envvars.html#envvars-set>`_.

> To confirm the configuration just run ``terraform``:

Reviewer: one final nit: in the text we say just run `terraform`, but the code block shows running `terraform plan` ...

.. code-block::
    :caption: always run a plan before an apply, this will compare your current configuration with the new one

        $ terraform plan

Finally, deploy the plan to your account:

.. code-block::
    :caption: deploy the plan to your account

        $ terraform apply

When the process finishes, you should be able to see the cluster with the resources in your provider information:
    * `IBM Cloud cluster access guide <https://cloud.ibm.com/docs/containers?topic=containers-access_cluster>`_
    * `AWS cluster connection guide <https://aws.amazon.com/premiumsupport/knowledge-center/eks-cluster-connection/>`_

> Now that you have a cluster you just need to run the previous `helm` steps to deploy the different applications.

Reviewer: maybe add a link back to that section?
